=======
GThemer
=======

What Does This Application Do?
------------------------------

	This application allows you to create a custom color
	scheme for applications that use GtkSourceView (gedit).
	This application allows for you to create color schemes
	through	use of a simple graphical user interface that
	allows for you to select individual languages or styles
	and customize as you wish.
	
	GThemer saves your custom theme to the format that
	GtkSourceView expects (xml). With this theme file 
	you can	then add it to the theme manager in your
	favorite GtkSourceView application for use in that
	application!

How To
------

	When GThemer starts, you see an empty template that
	you can use to create your custom theme. To start,
	be sure to fill in the descriptive information about
	your theme, including Name, ID, Author, and Description.
	
	The Theme window, located in the bottom portion of the
	application, displays all of the languages and styles
	that you've chosen to customize. By default, you see
	"Global gedit Settings" in the Theme window. This 
	definition contains styles for some defaults in
	gedit. It is strongly suggested that you define
	the styles listed in that definition as they'll
	serve as a failback to any language/styles that
	you choose not to define.
	
	To add a language and all of its styles to
	the Theme window, simple click on the Language
	selector, choose a language, and then click the
	"Add Lang" button. At this point you will see
	The language you selected show up in the Theme
	window.
	
	To create custom themes for the definitions
	listed in the Theme window, simply click on the
	arrow next to the defintion to expand it and
	display all of the styles.
	
	Instead, if you wanted to add only certain styles
	to the Theme window for a given language, using
	the Language selector, choose a language. Then
	click on the Style selector to see a list of all
	the styles that Language contains. Select a style
	and click "Add Style". You'll see the language
	of the style you added show up in the Theme
	window (if it wasn't already there to begin with)
	And if you expand the language, you'll see
	the style you selected there.
	
	To define your custom theme for a given style,
	follow your mouse across the row the style is
	located in Theme window and click on the
	section of the row under the property that
	you wish to change. If you click under the
	"Foreground" or "Background" columns, a color
	chooser dialog will open and ask you to select
	the color you wish to set for that property.
	If you click under the "Bold", "Italic", 
	"Underline" or "Strikethrough" columns,
	you'll see a check mark appear in that column.
	To un-toggle those properties, simply click on
	the checkmark again.
	
	To delete styles, languages, or clear them, simply
	right click on the language or style you want
	to perform an action on and select the appropriate
	action from the popup menu.
	
	When you're all finished customizing your
	custom themes, you can save it to file by
	clicking "Save" or "Save As" from the File menu.
	
	You can open existing themes you've created
	and saved by clicked "Open" from the File menu.

How To Use Your Custom Theme In gedit
-------------------------------------

	In gedit, click Edit|Preferences in the menu.
	Select the tab "Fonts & Colors". Below the
	window labeled "Color Schemes" select the 
	add("+") button and then find your custom
	theme file using the file chooser dialog.
	Your theme should show up in the "Color Schemes"
	window, with the Name that you gave it in
	GThemer. Select it and you'll see that gedit
	applied your theme!

Hints
-----

	* It is strongly recommended that you fill out
	the styles listed under "Global gedit Settings"
	as well as adding the styles from "Default".
	Combined, these definitions will serve as a nice
	fallback for languages and styles you decided
	not to explicitly define.

If you have any questions or comments feel free to
message me:
	Wesley Hansen <wesrhansen@gmail.com>
